Golob, Sam
From:   Peter Flass <peter_flass@yahoo.com>
Sent:   Tuesday, May 15, 2001 6:47 PM
To:     Golob, Sam
Subject:        RE: CBT Tape contribution

Hi,
  I got your questions,  I'll try to answer them.
Sorry this was so much work for you.

XPL is a standalone system - a self-compiling
compiler. It doesn't need PL/I, and that's why the
source uses all 80 columns of the cards.

What I sent you is how I packaged it for my XPL web
site.  The file "README.TXT" is my (ASCII) explanation
of what's there.  "PROSE.TXT" is an ASCII version of
"PROSE", the original documentation file.  The rest
are the original files from the SHARE distribution, or
close to it.  The only difference is that the tape
contained IEBCOPY unloaded files and I've just got
sequential files.  I didn't want to use IEBCOPY
because I'd need HLQ's on my MVS system that weren't
there in the originals.

My packaging assumed that the file would be downloaded
by a browser, unpacked on a PC, and then uploaded to a
mainframe.  The EBCDIC files should be uploaded as FB
80 (any blksize).  The binary files should be uploaded
as F 3600.  The user has to assemble the "submonitor",
and then use it to load and run the binaries.  All the
JCL is in PROSE.  Naturally it needed to be modified,
but I don't think the modifications I had to make for
my system would improve any on what's there.

I'll have a look tomorrow at what you've got.  Thanks
for the good work.  I'll see if I can do anything else
to help.

